	February 17th
	It's been three years since my neighbor helped me defeat Mr. Boss Guy on the roof, and so far there hasn’t been a zombie in sight. That Mr. Boss Guy is probably up to something fishy, but that isn’t important. The real problem is, one day I woke up, and I suddenly realized that the only food at home was TACOS… EXCEPT FOR TACOS!
(Red letters: ↓ Tch, how embarrassing, do you people know how to write original content?)
The thought struck my brain like lightning. Yes! It's time to hunt for food! I'm so hungry that I'm going crazy! The weather wasn't too bad, so I thought, why not take him on a month-long travel? I can’t just stay in my neighborhood forever. I’ll enjoy my life by traveling! Not only does healty travel let you see the beatiful scenaries, but I'll also be able to live a “jumbo taco lifestyle”!
(Red letters: What's with the spelling errors? And who in the world would want a “jumbo taco lifestyle”?)
Tacos or not, we must search for the most delicious food in the world!
	February 18th
	I tidied up the car I used to run the Twiddydinkles in, and went to where I usually put my car keys, but couldn't find them. Well, at least I’m 80% sure that a Buckethead stole it when I was kidnapped by that Bungee Zombie and faced Mr. Boss Guy head on. →_→
	Darn those Bucketheads.
(Red letters: Why do I need these stupid narrations to guide me in this game anyway?
If I could I would’ve deleted both those two idiots.)
Eh, forget it. I've already picked a forest in the east. It should fit nicely as the first stop on our trip. Wild fungi in the forest sure are gonna be crazy delicious! Yummy yummy!
(Red letters: ← Can these stupid game characters even consume the food textures?)
	February 19th
	Exploring the world is exciting, but the zombies are everywhere. I don’t know why, but they don’t seem that different from the zombies at home... eh, no time to care about all that, let's go deeper into the forest! I seem to have sensed the sweet aroma of fantastic Aipois!
	February 20th
	For the past two days I've only seen Aipois, which only exist in the forest, but then I stumbled upon a plant which I call the Pointichoke. It’s hard, and it has pointy leaves. I can’t even get close to it, but seems like my neighbor is growing them as defensive plants... Wait, why am I trying to guide my neighbor? It's not like he can read my diary. And it's totally fine even if I don’t write this, there's nothing he can't deal with.
(Red letters: Does this bunch of game characters really don’t know that the player outside can flip through these pages so casually?!)
	February 25th
	There’s a group of flying radishes deep in the forest, which I now call Rotoradishes. That took me by surprise though. After all, I’ve never seen a flying plant before, so maybe there'll be even more mind-exploding plants like floating peppers or flying turnips! Man, just imagine!
	March 10th
I was really confused. Last month I only said that Pointichokes were hard and I couldn’t be close to it, but I never mentioned that Pointichokes could harm zombies. But the neighbor was using the Pointichokes so flexibly as if he already knew how to use it from somewhere else.
But never mind all that. I care more about the cherry grove that is surrounded by Football Zombies. Those cherries are gonna be my next dish!
	March 11th
	The cherries there are AMAZING, but that's not the interesting part. While I was eating them, the Football Zombies surrounded me, but then CHERRY BOMBS just appeared all of a sudden and CHA-BOOF! Those baddies got blown into the sky! Honestly I completely forgot to bring those boomy boomy guys, but they sure are the best thing against these hardheads!
(Red letters: Does the player need to know that you have no idea how Cherry Bombs appeared? How could the writer guy make up such a stupid story? Is this outdated game not stupid enough?)
	March 12th
	Recently I’ve obtained a lotta new plants and made them into seed packets, but the zombies appear very densely today. I’ve never seen zombies coming in this fast before. But with some sort of magic trick the neighbor manage to grow plants really quickly. Like, as long as there’s sunlight, a bunch of plants would appear after a few seconds or so. But earlier there seemed to be something that preventing him from planting rapidly...
(Red letters: Didn't he know about the cooldown mechanism? I guess he didn’t.)
	But then again... why would I help you protect your brain? I barely even know who you are... Now that I think about it, I just somehow had an urge to help you grow plants and fight zombies.
	Neighbor... you can see me, right?
	March 21th
	It was really stupid to write those things in the diary on March 12th... My neighbor is my neighbor. It has been like this for so many years. Thinking like that isn’t gonna help.
Anyways, we arrived at a swamp, where not only there are many fireflies inside, there are also a lot of small mushrooms that look tasty. Maybe I can pick a few off and make mushroom soup.
(Red letters: Who wrote the plot for this game?
Are you really trying to turn a casual PvZ game into a freaking Sophie’s World? )
	March 22nd
	I ran into Mr. Boss Guy today - oooh, my old nemesis. But something’s not right, Mr. Boss Guy would usually just send letters to taunt us, but now he’s appearing in person?! He also talks and acts really weirdly... or, maybe this isn't the Mr. Boss Guy I know at all?
Well, I shouldn't think too much. I told myself over and over again, just help the neighbors grow plants and fight zombies, same as always. But every time I think of my neighbor, I wanna know whom they truly are...
Maybe it's just my craziness acting up.
	March 23rd
	I woke up in bed and everything in front of me was so... cartoonish? I thought I was dead and I was in heaven. But all this feels so real that I can even smell a little... disinfectant in the air? It wasn't until I accidentally glanced in the mirror that I realized I was Dave. And I then saw seed packets floating in the air, plants appeared inexplicably on the floor tiles...
So these are all dreams, right? Even the intense dizziness of being hit by a car, the freezing cold at the bottom of a lake, the pain of a shattered windshield passing through my skin and flesh... they all just felt like a dream, a very realistic one. When I wake up from this... “dream”, I'd still be lying on the back seat of the car, my mom would still be looking at the scenery while my dad's still driving us around London on holiday... This nightmare will be over one day, and everything in this nightmare will soon be nothing but memories.
March 24th
	I don't know why, I always feel that something is staring at me. No matter where I am, what I am doing, it seems to be watching me, as if the eyes are from another dimension... This dream is too realistic. There are so few people here, I really wish I could wake up sooner.
	There is one more thing... This “Dr. Zomboss” I met today, he's as annoying as my dad, and he talks like an underpaid actor. If this zombie scientist also appears in a certain game I play, I guess I’ll smash my keyboard.
	March 25th
	This is my third day here, and I still haven't woken up from my dream. Apart from those plants that appear out of nowhere whenever I see zombies, a panicked Zomboss and the cartoon visuals, everything else seems surprisingly real.
	I looked at the previous pages of this diary, and it seems like this body originally belonged to the real "Dave”. I guess I'd call him that. He also seems to be travelling, and his journey is almost exactly the same as mine at the beginning: starting from home, entering a forest, and passing through a swamp. I’m more convinced that this is all just a dream of mine...
	And by the way, about the staring eyes I mentioned earlier, I think I found the reason - it was just Scaredy-shroom's doing 90% of the time... Whenever I didn’t pay attention, it peeked at me through the window, and whenever I checked on it, it shrank into the ground because of cowardice... I pulled it out and planted it somewhere else so that I don't feel uncomfortable.
	This dream has gone on long enough, I wish I could wake up soon.
	March 26th
	This is my fourth day in this dream, and I'm getting more and more anxious. That stupid stare is killing me. I really hope I wake up soon so that I can prove myself it's all just a bad dream...
	The realism here is terribly high, and a lot of things make me feel like I really am inside a video game. Especially when Zomboss introduced me to the mechanism of the Conical Flask and the Laboratory in a serious manner, I was completely stunned.
	Dreams shouldn't be like this... I'm getting more and more scared. Maybe while I'm inside this game world, there really is a player watching my every move from off-screen. And that would mean everything before this was real... No, how could it be? I mean, a person falling into a lake, drowning for a while, and then entering another world? Come on now, this isn’t some sort of isekai story, is it?
	Soon, this big dream of mine won’t even exist, and when I wake up, everything in this dream will be just a joke that no one will care about.
	March 27th
	There are a few Imps outside, but I don't want to think about it. Even if the zombies are approaching, the player off-screen will just plant plants to deal with them. So many things have happened recently, and my mind is a mess.
	
	April 2nd
It's been a while since I last went out, so I decided to get out of this house today. There must be something unusual out there if this is all a dream. But every time I'm far away from the house, whenever I see a swamp, my brain would be filled with memories of falling into the lake, and my mind would also get all fuzzy. And when I wake up, I would be covered in a stinky odor, lying in front of the house.
Seems like I can't be too far away from the house. But at least I found something: a new kind of mushroom, which always has a bunch of smaller mushrooms surrounding it. There's no way a mushroom could have so many mushrooms beside it in reality, since they would definitely be fighting for nutrients. But if I try to explain them as something in a game, it’d also make sense. The player can plant a bunch of them at the start, and quickly fill a part of the lawn with it, making it a good early game choice. (Although I’d spam more of those fast or exploding zombies if I were the level designer, or else the lawn would be filled with those mushrooms)
But the point is, I need more evidence, illogical evidence to prove that this is only a dream.
	April 4th
I found a light bulb today. It shines very bright, though not as much as it’d blind me. Its light also looks similar to sunlight, but that’s not the point. Thing is, it doesn’t need electricity to produce light, and that’s enough proof for this darn dream! Plus, game designers would never think of something this illogical, so it doesn’t make sense for a game! Although it doesn’t seem like supportive evidence, but I think I’m making good progress.
I also grew more and more uncomfortable around Dr. Zomboss. He kept giving me that nervous look for two days straight, and he’d often peek from outside the camp. Sure, Dr. Zomboss being suspicious doesn’t have much to do with me, but it also kind of makes me scared. I mean, you literally have a zombie this close, but it doesn’t try to eat your brains for whatever reason. Whoever this is, they might look like Zomboss but doesn’t act like one at all. It’s horrifying…
		←I put the light bulb there
			as a light source
	April 5th
	I found another plant today – a... Bamboom? If you touch them, they just explode, and this makes absolutely zero sense...
	Alright, although I found a lot of gadgets and stuff outside, I have to admit, I’m only doing all this just to comfort myself. Really, it’s been so long since I first got here, too long for this to even be a dream... No, maybe this is still just a super long dream, since there's a time difference between dream and reality. Maybe 13 days here only equals to a few hours out there... And also, I’m Dave now, but what about the original Dave? He wouldn’t just disappear, right? This has to be a dream, it has to be. When I wake up, things will all be back to normal again, and my family can resume that ongoing holiday.
	April 6th
I felt really weird when I found out that the black thing was the real Dave, then I suddenly wanted to puke. I couldn’t vomit when I ducked down, and when I lifted up my head again the food got stuck in my throat. It felt so hard just to breathe that I even felt like crying.
Why did I keep lying to myself, again and again and again and again, that this is a dream? It’s no difference from confining myself to my own little world while also convincing myself to stay there… Though even if it’s a dream, it’d just end with me waking up anyway, no matter how great it is. I can only hope my family at that car crash is still doing well. I’m really… scared. If anyone has to die, take me instead of them, please.
	April 7th
I picked up the wine bottle, and for some reason, that feeling I felt in the swamp… And all of a sudden, the food that was stuck in my throat yesterday just decided to come all out from my nose and mouth… It felt disgusting.
A few seconds before I fainted, the moment when our car was overturned suddenly flashed before my eyes. In reality, the scene only lasted for a few seconds, but whenever I remember it, it always plays out in slow motion. If it weren’t for the dark surroundings, I could almost identify everything happening at that moment as if I was right there.

