(Note: The image of the 守卫者 is named Arbiter.png so I just call him Arbiter in English)

[SPRING EXTRA DIALOGUES ARE NOT FINISHED]
---Spring Extra - Day 1---
Dave: Alright, neighbor, quick review on what we're gonna do.
Dave: I'm running out of tacos at home, and the taco vendors all got sabotaged for whatever reason.
Dave: So now we're traveling in search of the legendary TACOLAND!
Dave: And maybe some stuff for my GOAT collection.
Dave: Ooh, looks like there are pools of water on the lawn. I'll give ya some Lily Pads.
Dave: Plant a couple of 'em on the water and ain't any plants are gonna drown today!
---Spring Extra - Day 2---
Dave: You might've noticed that flying plants can stay on top of the water too.
Dave: But these nasty Imps really love to bring trouble. They completely ignore flying plants!
Dave: More zombies are coming here. Be sure to protect those Lily Pads, neighbor!
Dave: Why protect them? Because THEY'RE AS CRAAAAAZZYYYY as me for staying there!!!
---Spring Extra - Day 3---
Dave: Come to think of it, where the heck are we?
Dave: Didn't we just walk a few miles away from home? This doesn't look like Neighborville at all!
Dave: Dang it, I should've brought a map.
---Spring Extra - Day 4---
Arbiter: Stupid Holy Apple, forcing me to find the machine like this...
Arbiter: If I get this right, that the machine caused a bug, and as a result this Dave guy just doesn't want to follow the original story plan.
Arbiter: And for some reason the bug also made a mess of all the seasons here? How did that even happen?...
Arbiter: Ugh, it's not even my fault that the machine's gone. Gotta find it somehow, I think I last saw it near a bridge...
---Spring Extra - Day 5---
Arbiter: Tch. 'Go get the machine. If Dave manages to lay his hands on it, it could mean the end of the world'?
Arbiter: Hah, over my dead body. How could some mortal like him defeat a divine being?
Arbiter: Wait, isn't that the Dave guy I'm supposed to 'escort'? Weird orange beard with a pot on his head?
Arbiter: ...What a weird NPC, I guess I'd better stay away from him.
Arbiter: Can't let him touch a machine that could let him create anything he wants.
Dave: Whoa, 'a machine that could let me create anything I want'?
Dave: Neighbor, this is it! The Tacoland! THE TACOLAND IS REAL!!!
Dave: I didn't even know who said that, but we're gonna be the first one to get to that machine. ONWARD!!!

---Winter Extra - Night 1---
Dave: Whoo... Seems like we managed to escape that A-bitter guy.
Dave: Now where the heck are we? My lips are starting to feel like frozen chips!
Dave: And the cold sure doesn't stop the zombies either! In fact, I think there's even more of 'em!
Dave: It's also nighttime so we won't get any more sun from the sky. Now that's just dandy. ("that's just dandy" is often said as a joke when really something is not good)
Dave: But luckily I've stockpiled a bunch of new plants- Wait, where did the lamp gadget go?
Dave: Must've dropped it. Oh, but we've got Solartropa! Sun won't be a problem with this plant around!
Dave: Find a way to deal with the freezing cold, neighbor! I'll go get something warm.
---Winter Extra - Night 2---
Dave: Brrrr... This is starting to feel colder than being in a freezer!
Dave: And look at all those ice blocks and ice holes!
Dave: Good thing Befrozenia is here to help us.
Dave: Maybe you should try putting more plants to the right side to bait the wind.
Dave: Use plants like Spore-shroom for that and you'll be A-O-FANTASTIC.
Dave: And if things ever go wrong, just blow everything up!!!
Dave: Hope that hot tip's gonna keep you warm for the night!
---Winter Extra - Night 3---
Arbiter: Aha! I've finally found you, Dave.
Dave: Oh no! The A-bitter guy!
Arbiter: You had the guts to disturb my forest yet you fail to remember my name. Dispicable.
Dave: But I didn't do anything wrong!
Dave: I was just trying to find foo- I mean fend off the zombies in the forest!
Arbiter: You dare fool me, mortal? There were not this many zombies until YOU showed up.
Dave: Here's the conveyor belt, neighbor! Use those explosives wisely while I RUN AWAY FROM THIS GUY!
---Winter Extra - Night 4---
Arbiter: So it has come to this.
Arbiter: I shall once again call forth the dark side of your memory.
Dave: Wha-? The zombies disappeared?!
Arbiter: Haha, they are merely invisible. This must've been the work of your mortal enemy.
Dave: Mr. Boss Guy and his buffooneries!
Dave: Well, neighbor, we beat him once, we'll beat him again!
---Winter Extra - Night 5---
(Zomboss appears like in pvz2)
Zomboss: David, I seem to have discovered that your tastes are getting disappointingly, and infuriatingly... bad.
Zomboss: Be honest, David. What is your opinion on my new big bot bird?
Zomboss: Withstand its freezing strikes, and witness the true beauty of my creation! Mwhahahaha!
Dave: Wait, that's a bird? I thought that was some... igloo monstrosity.
Dave: But we've got no time for imagination. CHARGE!!!

[After the player completes Winter Extra Night 5 but have not completed the previous levels of Seasonal Extras]
Dave: Haha! We beat him again, neighbor!
Dave: But is it just me or something's amiss?...
Dave: Eh, guess I'll just go look for tacos. There's gotta be some around here somewhere.

---Seasonal Extras Ending 1--- [Already in the game, player receives it every time they finish "Remnants of a Wooden Bridge"]

---Seasonal Extras Ending 2--- [After Winter Extra Night 5, the player receives this ending if they have completed every level of Seasonal Extras and have not once finished "Remnants of a Wooden Bridge"]
(Scene turns white, plays "Floating World" from The Stanley Parable)
Arbiter: Hello, the mortal behind that screen. This is The Arbiter speaking.
Arbiter: Yes, as a divine being, I am aware of this world being a 'video game'.
Arbiter: You can think of us divine beings as this game's developers, or you can say, 'true administrators'.
Arbiter: Let's just say I might have misjudged you as a companion of Dave.
Arbiter: That Dave... To me, he is nothing but an irresponsible pot-wearing moron.
Arbiter: I am not sure how you even managed to befriend him... But you,
Arbiter: You are special.
Arbiter: I have seen your efforts to defeat the zombies and restore balance to this world.
Arbiter: Although the cause of all the seasonal chaos still lies somewhere in this icefield,
Arbiter: So you failed to restore the seasons to their original forms.
Arbiter: But you made an effort, and it is all that counts.
Arbiter: Therefore, I will present to you a gift in return.
Arbiter: Something that will benefit you in this 'video game'.
Arbiter: Aha, the Eleventh Seed Slot, without a single cent. How does that sound?
(Clicking the dialogue box here does not do anything. A bunch of seed packets show up like this image (except the bottom only has 2 seed packets): https://prnt.sc/iJyx8cUMMu_Y Two buttons, <Yes> and <No>, appear below the dialogue box. The player must click one of the buttons to continue)

(If the player click <Yes>)
Arbiter: Hm, good choice.
Arbiter: Oh, I almost forgot. You see, I am not in control of this whole... 'game'.
Arbiter: The Holy Apple is the one with such role. Although he will not be happy with this idea.
Arbiter: He keeps complaining about the 'game UI'... You might have to get permission from him first.

(If the player click <No>)
Arbiter: Oh. Such a shame.
Arbiter: I thought you would love to fill the corners of your screen with seed packets,
Arbiter: Like that one fangame where food fights against mice. (Note: referencing 原美食大战老鼠)
Arbiter: Though that would mess with the 'game UI', and The Holy Apple does not particularly like that...

(Both choices lead to this)
Arbiter: Well, it was nice to have you here today.
Arbiter: I wish you all the best in restoring the seasons once and for all.
Arbiter: Then, if you can return here, I will give you the best gift you could ever ask for.

---Seasonal Extras Ending 3--- [After Winter Extra Night 5, the player receives this ending if they have completed every level of Seasonal Extras and have finished "Remnants of a Wooden Bridge" at least once]
(Scene turns white, plays "Floating World" from The Stanley Parable)
(If the player has not ever obtained Ending 2)
Arbiter: Hello, the mortal behind that screen. This is The Arbiter speaking.
Arbiter: Yes, as a divine being, I am aware of this world being a 'video game'.
Arbiter: You can think of us divine beings as this game's developers, or you can say, 'true administrators'.
Arbiter: Let's just say I might have misjudged you as a companion of Dave.
Arbiter: That Dave... To me, he is nothing but an irresponsible pot-wearing moron.
Arbiter: I am not sure how you even managed to befriend him... But you,
Arbiter: You are the chosen one.
Arbiter: Not only did you manage to bring the seasons back to what they once were,
Arbiter: But you also came back to me in the end.

(If the player has obtained Ending 2 at least once)
Arbiter: Hello, the mortal behind that screen. This is The Arbiter speaking.
Arbiter: So you finally managed to restore the seasons, and came back to me.
Arbiter: You truly are the chosen one after all.

(Both Ifs lead to this)
Arbiter: Oh, you must be delighted to see me again. Let me prepare a gift for you in return...
Arbiter: A total of 18 seed slots! And a special VIP pass! Hm? Sounds enticing?
(A bunch of seed packets show up like this image here: https://prnt.sc/iJyx8cUMMu_Y. Clicking the dialogue box here does not do anything. Two buttons, <Yes> and <No>, appear below the dialogue box. The player must click one of the buttons to continue)

(If the player click <Yes>)
Arbiter: Hm, good choice.
Arbiter: Oh, I almost forgot. You see, I am not in control of this whole... 'game'.
Arbiter: The Holy Apple is the one with such role. Although he will not be happy with this idea.
Arbiter: He keeps complaining about the 'game UI' as you can see...

(If the player click <No>)
Arbiter: Oh. Such a shame.
Arbiter: I thought you would love to fill the corners of your screen with seed packets,
Arbiter: Like that one fangame where food fights against mice.
Arbiter: Though that would mess with the 'game UI', and The Holy Apple does not particularly like that...

(Both choices lead to this)
Arbiter: Ahem, but say,
(Note: From now on the dialogues are full of English memes so translate however you like lol)
Arbiter: It must have been painful, being nowhere but in front of that 'device' and restricted within the boundaries of a 'gamer'.
Arbiter: Come, mortal, abandon that pot-wearing moron and follow me into my forest wonderland.
Arbiter: No more social media, no more kaizo levels, no more skill issue.
Arbiter: You will finally be able to enjoy the taste of 'true freedom'.
Arbiter: Though you do not have a physical form, but worry not,
(Shows this picture on screen: https://preview.redd.it/2y82bmtv3ec51.jpg?auto=webp&s=5c2562c172f90c5d7f50bba304fdf6eab445c589)
Arbiter: I will personally place your soul into this artistically beautiful Peashooter costume.
(Picture disappears)
Arbiter: With it, we can sing, dance, eat grass and become one with Mother Nature.
Arbiter: Ah, isn't that wonderful? Isn't it what we have always wanted to do together?
(Music stops. Dave's pan comes from the right side and hits the Arbiter, which plays the metal hit sound effect and causes a screen shake. The pan then falls off from Arbiter's face.)
Dave: Hah! While you A-bitter were out chit-chatting,
Dave: I STUDIED THE PAN!
(Play "But the Earth Refused to Die" from Undertale)
(All of Arbiter's lines now become shaking text)
Arbiter: ...
Arbiter: So this... is how it ends...
Arbiter: But if you thought... this is over... you are wrong...
Arbiter: As I... have already called forth... the ancient mighty Kraken...
Arbiter: You will soon... witness its wrath... and destruction...
Dave: The Kraken? But there's barely even any water on the beach!
Arbiter: Hah... Kraken... deez nuts...
Arbiter: ...Gottem...
(Arbiter slowly fades)
Dave: (Music immediately stops) Ew.
Dave: Oh neighbor, what's this? 'It's About Travel' machine?
Dave: [Character_Dave has been granted administrator privileges]
Dave: Whoaaa, all this power! Could this be... I'M NOW GOD???
Dave: We did it, neighbor! This is what we've been waiting for!
Dave: TACOLAND! HERE WE GO!!!!!
(Screen flashes white, then shows Forest normal lawn, then vibrates and flashes white again, then shows Swamp normal lawn, then vibrates and flashes white again, then shows Icefield Night normal lawn, then vibrates and flashes white again, then shows the house menu, then vibrates and flashes white again, then shows the PvZ Travel main menu, then vibrates and flashes white again)
(Game then switches to a credits scene where text automatically floats from bottom to top like normal, with a heavenly background and Dave and a bunch of tacos floating around along with Claire de Lune playing as the BGM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvFH_6DNRCY)
(After the credits sequence ends, a suspiciously giant button with a note floats across him)
[Text box] Dave: Oooh, what's this? A giant button? With a note?
[Text box] Highly suspicious note: Congratulations, you low-life NPC moron that used the machine to destroy this game. Here's a prize for your hard work. - Signed, Holy Apple
[Text box] Dave: I can't read any of this... But y'know what they say, neighbor.
[Text box] Dave: If there's a button, you gotta PRESS IT!
(No need to animate Dave pressing the button. After that a bunch of tacos appear on-screen)
[Text box] Dave: Neighbor! It's more tacooosss!!!
(Red text shows on-screen, continuously flashing) [WARNING: TEXTURE_OVERLOAD]
(Game vibrates and explodes then the screen is white again)
(Black text shows on-screen) [PvZTR game data successfully restored. Rebooting game...]
(The game instantly restarts itself)
